feat: implement NVIM_APPNAME (#22128)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/starting.txt

Note: Throughout the user manual these defaults are used as placeholders, e.g.
"~/.config" is understood to mean "$XDG_CONFIG_HOME or ~/.config".

NVIM_APPNAME					*$NVIM_APPNAME*
The XDG directories used by Neovim can be further configured by setting the
`$NVIM_APPNAME` environment variable. This variable controls the directory

> Neovim will look for in the various XDG directories. For example, setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nvim will look for (and auto-create) in the various XDG parent directories. For example, setting
```
